# Practical Project 1 Findings

Bar Coupon Analysis:

Overall, the analysis of the bar coupons we were asked to complete revealed several insights about those who accepted them. The most significant trend was the strong correlation between the number of times an individual went to a bar per month and the chance of them accepting the coupon. This was by far the largest factor, and those who went to the bar three or more times a month were around 40% more likely to accept the coupon. Some less significant factors were also observed. Those older than 25 were slightly more likely to accept the coupon, which makes sense, as those under 21 were probably less likely to accept because they were not of legal age to drink. The rates were very close, and I would be interested in examining individuals aged 21-25 to assess any skewing of the data relative to those under 21. It also seems that those who went to the bar more than once a month and did not have a child present were slightly more likely to accept the coupon. This data also didn't include several occupations, but I am unsure whether that significantly affected it. Based on the analysis, the individuals most likely to have accepted the coupon are those who frequent the bar, are over 25 years of age, and do not have a child present.

Coffee House Coupon Analysis:

The analysis of the coffee house coupon data yielded some interesting results. I tested several parameters to analyze their effects on the acceptance rate. By time of day, more individuals accepted the coupon earlier, with the peak acceptance rate around 10 AM. This makes sense, as individuals would be less likely to drink coffee late in the day. Interestingly, the earliest time, 7 AM, had a lower rate than 2 PM and was only marginally higher than 10 PM. Overall, however, there is a trend that times in the morning and afternoon had a higher rate of acceptance. The next parameters I tested were the individual's gender and the age range they fell into. To visualize this data, I created a double bar graph, with the age ranges as the categories and each bar representing a gender. From this data, it can be concluded that younger individuals are more likely to accept the coffeehouse coupon. This trend is more consistent among women, with men showing an increase in acceptance rates around ages 40-46 before dropping substantially among men older than 50. The acceptance rate for males aged 46 has increased significantly. The biggest outlier is males under 21, with an acceptance rate of around 80%, much higher than any other demographic. The last parameter I analyzed was the destination. The analysis showed that individuals who were not in a hurry were most likely to accept the coupon, followed by those headed to work, and finally those headed home. From the analysis, the individual most likely to accept the coupon is a male under 21, leisurely driving around town in the morning, around 10 AM. 
